March 2024 hackathon sites (#2921)
nf-core/website: sites/main-site/src/content/events/2025/hackathon-march-2025/ghent-university.md

---
title: 'Hackathon - March 2025 (Ghent University)'

> subtitle: 'Local node of the nf-core hackathon at Ghent University'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subtitle: 'Local node of the nf-core hackathon at Ghent University, Belgium'
```

shortTitle: 'Ghent University'
type: 'hackathon'
startDate: '2025-03-17'
startTime: '09:00+01:00'
endDate: '2025-03-19'
endTime: '17:00+01:00'
locations:
  - name: Ghent University
    address: |
      Corneel Heymanslaan 10, 9000 Gent, Belgium
    links:
      - https://www.ugent.be/

>     geoCoordinates: [51.02456280575994, 3.7261081350377676]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    geoCoordinates: [51.025974, 3.728623]
```
